Document usage with a Dockerfile (#247)
sclorg/s2i-nodejs-container: 12/README.md

(S2I) strategy in OpenShift. The Source-to-Image is an OpenShift framework
that makes it easy to write images that take application source code as
an input, use a builder image like this Node.js container image, and produce
a new image that runs the assembled application as output.

In order to support the Source-to-Image framework, there are some important scripts inside the builder image:

* The `/usr/libexec/s2i/assemble` script inside the image is run in order to produce a new image with the application artifacts. The script takes sources of a given application and places them into appropriate directories inside the image. It utilizes some common patterns in Node.js application development (see **Environment variables** section below).
* The `/usr/libexec/s2i/run` script is set as a default command in the resulting container image (the new image with the application artifacts). It runs `npm run` for production, or `nodemon` in case `DEV_MODE` is set to `true` (see **Environment variables** section below).

Build an application using a Dockerfile
---------------------
Compared to the Source-to-Image strategy, using a Dockerfile is a more

> flexible way to build an Node.js container image with an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flexible way to build a Node.js container image with an application.
```

Use it when the Source-to-Image is not flexible enough for you or
when you build the image outside of the OpenShift environment.

In order to use this image in a Dockerfile, follow these steps:

#### 1. Pull a base builder image to build on

```
podman pull ubi8/nodejs-12
```

> An UBI image `ubi8/nodejs-12` is used in this example. This image is usable and freely redistributable under the terms of the UBI End User License Agreement (EULA). See more about UBI at [UBI FAQ](https://developers.redhat.com/articles/ubi-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A UBI image `ubi8/nodejs-12` is used in this example. This image is usable and freely redistributable under the terms of the UBI End User License Agreement (EULA). For more information about UBI, see [UBI FAQ](https://developers.redhat.com/articles/ubi-faq).
```

#### 2. Pull an application code

> An example application available at https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex.git is used here. Feel free to clone the repository for further experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example application available at https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex.git is used here. To adjust the example, clone the repository.
```

```
git clone https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex.git app-src
```

#### 3. Prepare an application inside a container

This step usually consists of at least these parts:

* putting the application source into the container
* installing the dependencies
* setting the default command in the resulting image

> For all these three parts, users can either setup all manually and use commands `nodejs` and `npm` explicitly in the Dockerfile ([3.1.](#31-to-use-own-setup-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content)), or users can use the Source-to-Image scripts inside the image ([3.2.](#32-to-use-the-source-to-image-scripts-and-build-an-image-using-a-dockerfile-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content); see more about these scripts in the section "Source-to-Image framework and scripts" above), that already know how to set-up and run some common Node.js applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all these three parts, you can either set up all manually and use the `nodejs` and `npm` commands explicitly in the Dockerfile ([3.1.](#31-to-use-own-setup-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content)), or you can use the Source-to-Image scripts inside the image ([3.2.](#32-to-use-the-source-to-image-scripts-and-build-an-image-using-a-dockerfile-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content). For more information about these scripts, which are able to set-up and run some common Node.js applications, see the "Source-to-Image framework and scripts" section above).
```

> ##### 3.1. To use own setup, create a Dockerfile with this content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 3.1. To use your own setup, create a Dockerfile with this content:
```

```
FROM ubi8/nodejs-12

# Add application sources
ADD app-src .

# Install the dependencies
RUN npm install

> # Run script uses standard ways to run the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The run script uses standard ways to run the application
```

CMD npm run -d start
```

##### 3.2. To use the Source-to-Image scripts and build an image using a Dockerfile, create a Dockerfile with this content:
```
FROM ubi8/nodejs-12

# Add application sources to a directory that the assemble script expects them
# and set permissions so that the container runs without root access
USER 0
ADD app-src /tmp/src
RUN chown -R 1201:0 /tmp/src
USER 1201

# Install the dependencies
RUN /usr/libexec/s2i/assemble

> # Set a default command for the resulting image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set the default command for the resulting image
```

CMD /usr/libexec/s2i/run
```

> #### 4. Then, build a new image from a Dockerfile prepared in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 4. Build a new image from a Dockerfile prepared in the previous step
```

```
podman build -t node-app .
```

> #### 5. And finally, run the resulting image with the final application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 5. Run the resulting image with the final application
```
